Documentation workflow context apply (#10751)
symfony/symfony-docs: workflow.rst

A **definition** of a workflow consist of places and actions to get from one
place to another. The actions are called **transitions**. A workflow does also

> need to know each object's position in the workflow. This is the goal of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to know each position an object can be in the workflow. This is the goal of the
```

What do you think about my rewording?

> **marking store** that writes to a property of the object the current **place(s)**

Reviewer 2: Technically speaking, the marking store could store the places **anywhere**: an API, a file, a table ...
I think we could replace `to a property` by `to a property or somewhere else`.

Author: understood
